# Mastering-Quantitative-Finance-with-R
Mastering Quantitative Finance with R published by Packt
A Practical Guide to Quant Finance Modeling, Pricing and Validation

R is a powerful open source functional programming language that provides high-level operations in data analysis, graphics,visualization, and data manipulation. With this book, you will learn to design, and implement advanced statistical applications in finance domain using R ecosystem.You will learn both the quantitative finance concepts and their modeling in R, enabling you to build advanced tailor-made trading models on your own. We will delve into advanced operations and domains in quantitative finance using the libraries and techniques from R ecosystem. This book will cover all the advanced terminologies and concepts associated with quantitative finance domain. We will learn to solve practical, real-world financial problems in R related to discrete hedging, transaction costs, and more. You will learn to create and optimize advanced trading strategies to build your own risk management system. Later you will delve into advanced concepts of using machine learning and algorithmic trading concepts for smart investigating strategies.By the end of the book, you will be well versed with various financial techniques using R and will be able to make key business decisions in financial industries.



LEARNING OUTCOME - WHAT WILL THE READER LEARN AND DO?

1. Understand economic value of analyzing high-frequency financial data
2. Learn to Code Derivatives used by trading desks
3.Construct signals for intraday observations
4.Master Variance reduction techniques using control variates and antithetics
5.Process data generated by sensors for business processes
6.Build Credit Risk Modeling using Logistic Regression
7.Implement back testing using Monte Carlo



PART ONE: Portfolio Theory and Investment Analysis
  
1.Explore Quantitative Finance Concepts
2.Mean Variance Model and Portfolio Optimization
3.CAPM, Beta Forecasting and Arbitrage Pricing Model
4.High Frequency Trading
 
PART TWO:Derivative Pricing

5. Single and Multi -Factor Interest Rate Models
6.Exotic Options on Two Assets
7.Exotic Options
8.LIBOR Market Models
9.Bermudan and Exotic Interest Rate Derivatives
10.Optimal Hedging and Statistical Arbitrage
